so I just got done making a video with
rain we're playing yu-gi-oh is an epic
duel that video will be on his channel
soon actually it might even be on there
right now
but earlier I was telling rain now I'm
actually him I mean I was a dirty little
cheater
I was a kid when I played you Gil I was
a dirty little fucking cheater now you
don't even necessarily even have to know
how to play yu-gi-oh to understand how I
cheated when I was a kid I played like a
ton of fucking you yo I mean a lot
enough to the point to where I started
dueling all the people like around my
town and shit were like little
tournaments that were held up at like
the community center years ago before
closed down now we'll go to these little
tournaments and I would be like a lot of
people I wasn't the best in the world
but I was pretty good but a lot of you
go back then and then it got really
fucking complicated with all these
different types of cards and shit so I
stopped playing I'm just why I'm
complete fucking trash and you do now
but that's besides the point I was
actually a little fucking cheater now
how did I cheat exactly well I only
really cheated with my neighbor a
neighbor would always talk all sorts of
shit to me saying that he could beat me
in duels and stuff like that and at this
time we're really young okay my neighbor
couldn't exactly read all that well so
when I played cards and stuff he was
like what's that dude and I would tell
him what it did now the thing is I
actually ended up convincing him that
one of these certain cards had the crazy
fucking effect on it it basically wasn't
allowed to summon any monsters he
couldn't do anything so whatever he
tried to make a move I would just tell
him that he's not able to use it cuz of
my card that's on the field on top of
doing that cheap-ass bullshit like lying
to him about the card he started to
notice that I always got a hold of this
certain card all the time so he started
telling me here let me shuffle your deck
so what I started doing before I ended
up going over to his house I would
actually have this certain card I don't
even remember what card it was it was a
useless ass card though he thought I had
like this crazy ass effect on it because
that's what I told him it had so what I
did was right before I ended up going to
his house I would actually take that one
card because he knows a picture of it
just can't read the rest of it I'll take
that one card put it in my pocket head
over to his house give him my deck and
then he would shuffle it all up and then
when he wasn't looking I would just take
that card and place it right on the top
of the deck so I would get it in my
first hand I was a dirty little fucking
cheater every little cheating way I
fucking did it when I was a kid why
because I was just the source fucking
loser in the world now I don't care as
much when I lose alright I'm still a
sore loser I'm gonna be honest I'm still
sore loser I fucking hate losing but now
I've experienced enough loss just
throughout my life in every video game
anything like that to where it's not as
bad as it used to be but before I would
actually get so mad to where I would
just wanna fuck myself up ever since I
kid I've always had an extremely
addictive personality well I was always
playing video games I would always pick
something up and I would always grind
the living shit out of it would that be
you do call of duty Tony Hawk fucking
anything if I loved it enough I'll get
addicted to it and I'll try to be the
best that I could possibly be at and
when I spent all that time playing
practicing all this shit and then when I
lose I felt like I wasted all my time I
felt like my purpose in life was just
has just been shattered before me
something as simple as yugioh could
literally mean life or death when I was
younger
it sounds so fucking stupid now I know
yeah I was it's disgusting what if he
ever watches my videos if you my
neighbor are watching this video right
now I'm sorry that I beat you in all
those duels as a cheating little asshole
I just don't want to lose and have to
question my own existence over a fucking
card game sorry and you still know where
I live I still have my deck we can do
this shit no cheating nothing like that
I promise you can check my pockets
everything but just know that I have
improved substantially I'll show my
neighbours shows up to my door knees
actually yugioh champion does a light
little knock on the door and I open the
door he punches me in the face I fall to
the ground as a yugioh blade arm thing
with all this Dex just sitting on it and
he challenges me to a duel know why if
you're actually professional don't show
up never mind